the guys are going to set up the team of
dreams and do not have with your problems
They ended up selling Christmas
Fifa.com and buy at the time of purchase
typing the code cro kohl you receive
12% more with people they accept
credit card transfer ticket
bank or paypal galera link here at
description buy and ride there
dream team faa the raw crowd with
crocodile day games and today we are
here for another sensational video of
fifa 15 and today guys with another video
about the January transfers you
that twists to some European team
suddenly that player that you both
you may be transferring to
another team and you 're not even aware then
I'm leaving it on the screen for you.
the first three episodes of this series
the January transfers looks there from
suddenly your player than a player who
You both like being transferred to
another team and you 're floating then
give a thumbs up and if you have not seen
although there, people help people to
hit those thousand likes so that those
videos continue with certain constancy
here on our channel beauty then help
then there is no time zinho click and you
helps the channel and
Let's talk about our first
Today's player let's talk about him
edson cavani edson cavani player myth
sensational that they entered of matador
People who do not know the cavani
started in danube he played in palermo
stood out a lot in napoli and now it was
bought by the country, but can already
to be out of town, he may be
transferring to barclays guys this
even there is a rumor there since last year
that he was about to leave
got contract with psg again but
seems that this year more to leave
transference seems to be the cavani
going straight to the galley arsenal INCO
even cavani can transfer from paris
saint germain
straight to the air if I do not think it would be a
great hiring of the arsenal
the arsenal that in recent years is not
managing to repeat the feats of the time
back there when henry fought
now looking for a forward
height and the cavani for me is a great
mainly it is slightly off
no psg why we have and nothing more
nothing less than the vit and
ibrahimovic take full note of the
balls in most go at it then the cavani
It's half-erased, but it's still
managing to make his
latest information I have it
played 48 matches in the country the sister and made
23 goals gum is a very good forwarder
and the arsenal will gain much if
buy this player
Let's talk about our next player.
here an incredible player there the most
a paris saint germain player who
It may be actually transferring
it may be transferred not right
people he may be coming back to
home, we're talking about him
lavezzi lavezzi for those who do not know it
started at the students there after he went
for the genoa
Then he came as a loan to San
lorenzo he came back to Argentina again
Then he went to napoli in napoli he
along with cavani made history in napoli
he both just did not rain there was
an incredible pair of the Italian league
I played a lot of time with this pair in
other fifa
and then they decided to buy Paris
saint germain resolved to buy lavezzi
also that he is an excellent player and
now he may be coming back
Coming home, that's right, he can.
to be going back to napoli
the place where most stood out in napoli
made 188 matches and made 48 goals
an attacker who plays for the right he is
a certain one is a reasonable number of goals
but by this time he played lithium
cavani and okavango imitated in the attack
at that time as in the attack it was lavezzi and
cavani galera plus a transfer and the
at the police
germán forcing the opposition seems that the
lavezzi did not work very well in the
sister and well oscillating it does not come
destroying how he destroyed in napoli
It seems that his destiny is to return to
the napoli
let's go to our last player and
if a sensational star is a star
Incredible, he's really good, guys.
We're talking about the hard thing anyway.
chelsea player can be
transferring to s that a time ago
here he had quarreled with Mourinho and
now it seems that the strong rumor there that
He's going to change country, he's going to
paris angerer manga was to hear a rumor
also that he could the real madrid but
I believe that the reason for not having space
in real madrid it's a saying you want
buy everybody, huh?
but a stronger rumor he has is that the
rasa prodi direct stop in paris
saint germain would be a great buy
there the paris saint germain that already took
david luiz do chelsea is in charge of taking the
razer and also to the country the sister what
Did you find these hirings in you?
They wanted those letters and leave it here.
in the comments and I'm staying for
here I hope you enjoyed it
did you like it
I did not like the pet, did not I ?
help us hit a thousand likes I'll go
getting over here if you are new click
here under the subscribe button for
not to lose any more video from
I'm going to stay here.
A hug for you until the next video.
it's ruy